docs: exec code block for shell commands in Test Nginx (#5625)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/internal/testing-framework.md

--- response_body
{"action":"get","count":0,"node":{"dir":true,"key":"/apisix/upstreams","nodes":{}}}
```

### Executing Shell Commands

> It is possible to execute shell commands while writing tests in Test Nginx for apisix modules. We exeposes this feature via `exec` code block. The `stdout` of the executed process can be captured via `response_body` code block and `stderr` (if any) can be captured by filtering error.log through `grep_error_log`. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to execute shell commands while writing tests in test-nginx for APISIX. We expose this feature via `exec` code block. The `stdout` of the executed process can be captured via `response_body` code block and `stderr` (if any) can be captured by filtering error.log through `grep_error_log`. Here is an example:
```
